Is it good?
Mother, eat it.
Eat it. Eat it.
Min Ja, Ni.
Brother Xi.
I've been looking for you.
Ni, are you okay?
I'm fine.
I've seen the doctor.
Dad, why are you here?
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Dr. Fei has checked.
She was just scared.
She caught a cold.
I've prescribed medicine.
Where are your men?
I asked him to get the car ready.
Let's go.
Let's go, Mother.
This brother...
I told him to prepare the horse.
We'll leave soon.
Where are they?
Did anything happen?
No.
Ni said she wanted to watch a show.
We watched it after buying Tanghulu.
There are so many people there.
It's always crowded.
It's been crowded several times.
I don't want to see it.
I turned around and saw you.
Master, Ni is fine now.
You can rest assured now, right?
Why are you still frowning?
No, no.
I'm relieved.
How about this? Take Ni and the others back first.
I'll go find that guy.
Where is the cat?
Are you drinking?
Here.
Dad, you have to come back as soon as you find them.
Don't drink with them.
Mother and I will wait for you at home for dinner.
Got it.
Let's go.
Okay, let's go.
Major.
Masao Tawahara.
Didn't we agree that
I'll send you a message.
You guarantee my family’s safety.
But why did you send someone to attack Qinglong Fortress?
You almost killed my wife and daughter.
If I say I didn’t do it,
would you believe me?
What about this?
You won't deny that, right?
This thing...
That's because you have exceeded our agreement.
I was worried you might forget.
so I sent someone to remind you.
As you ordered,
to persuade Shangguan Bao to stop the war and be neutral.
But he has made up his mind.
This is not the answer I want.
I tried my best.
He's very stubborn.
I'm just a legal executive.
I can't control him.
In that case,
do me another favor.
Ask Shangguan Bao out.
I'll persuade him myself.
Don't worry.
I won't hurt him.
Having one more friend
than an enemy.
Am I right?
I know Shangguan Bao too well.
He won't see you.
He won't listen to you either.
That's why I need your help.
I can't.
You're worried that your identity will be exposed.
But now,
there's no turning back for you.
I hope you can understand
Since I can
without any notice,
[without notice.]
Then,
I can kill them anytime.
No one can save them
no one can save them.
They are just two women.
They have never done
to harm you.
You don't have to hurt them.
That's right.
As long as you help me with this,
I promise
I won't hurt your wife and daughter again.
You can continue to be your Master of Peace.
By the way,
I've invited one of your swordsmen.
He heard
what we talked about.
what we said.
Should I let him go or not?
Masao Tahara, you...
If he goes back alive,
he will reveal your identity.
But you are a friend of the Imperial Army.
I can't let you be threatened.
So I thought of a way for you.
If you kill him,
no one will know this secret.
Major.
Will he work for us?
No one can escape their destiny.
Especially a coward like him.
Reward Zhang Bing first.
Er Dan.
Er Dan!
Er Dan, what's wrong?
Father, Mother.
Come and see what happened to Er Dan.
Come and have a look.
Er Dan.
Er Dan!
Dad, look!
Er Dan.
Er Dan!
Father.
Did he eat this?
He just ate the date cake.
That's it.
Have you eaten?
No.
I don't like snacks with stuffing.
Where did you get these red date cakes?
I just found them on the window.
I just brought it in.
Er Dan is here.
He insisted on eating.
In the end,
Er Dan.
Is Er Dan dead?
Er Dan!
Don't do this. Wake up.
Er Dan.
What?
Er Dan is dead.
The poison was mixed into the red date cake.
Kids are greedy.
How much did he eat?
So cruel.
He won't even spare a child.
They just attacked our fortress.
but secretly
behind his back.
Except the Japanese,
no one else
would do such a cruel thing.
Brother.
I feel the same way as you.
But the more we do this,
the more stable we should be.
I will
I’ll remember it.
I understand how you feel.
Actually, I feel the same.
But our village
was attacked by enemies.
He hasn’t regained his vitality.
Now Er Dan is poisoned.
The whole village is in panic.
The most important thing now is to calm people down.
It's not too late
it's not too late.
You're right.
We need to find a way.
Drum.
The morale of the brothers on the mountain.
Dad, let me hang the flag for you today.
Are you worried that I can't hang it?
Of course not.
I'll show you my skills today.
Look at me.
how I hung this flag.
Okay.
Hang this flag.
no one can take it off.
I didn't want to remove the flag.
This is the flag of a hero.
Someone who's capable should hang it up.
Someone who's capable should take it off.
I want to be the only one
only Jennifer
is Jennifer Chae.
Can we fly on the plane?
Although flying on the boat is a good swordsman,
but he's still lacking in strategies.
Besides Jennifer,
there must be someone else.
Why are you always defending him?
Are you not mad at him?
Eagle, you may be angry,
Think about it.
Heroes always do things
but they had no choice.
Because I have the mission to save the nation
to save the nation.
My father is such a hero.
Your father
is not a hero.
I've been a swordsman for so many years.
I just want to protect myself.
Now the Japanese are at our door.
I've decided to do my best to protect Shanzhou
to repay you for raising me.
I will follow you
and won’t let you down.
Madam, you want to see me?
According to my information,
Luo Yang has assembled many Japanese soldiers
and are heading towards Shanzhou.
Looks like this war is inevitable.
I want to know
Do you have any plan?
Our Eight Army is also marching towards Yuxi.
We plan to cooperate with the national army's defense.
Attack the slow Japanese army from the side.
Before the Japanese reach the defense zone,
before they reach the defense zone.
Then the two armies
A counterattack.
In the Three Axes,
to annihilate their troops.
Great!
These three axes are my territory.
How can I be absent from such a great battle?
I know every valley
and every valley here.
I'm sure he'll never come back.
You keep saying
you are just a matchmaker.
The higher-ups need to decide the actual acceptance.
I want to ask
when will the superiors come?
Actually Leader has invited her to the mountain.
Where is she?
Madam, please come with me.
That’s right, Mr. He.
As long as you listen to me,
I will never hurt
your wife and daughter.
That's not enough.
Not enough?
Do you think
you have the right to bargain with me?
Fine.
I promise you.
Except your wife and daughter,
including you.
I guarantee your family's safety.
Is that okay?
I...
I'm already worthless. My death is not worth it.
I want you to promise me
not to hurt Shangguan Bao.
Otherwise,
I won't do anything.
Sure.
I just want to talk to him.
Swear.
Swear to the Emperor.
He,
Don't be so hard on me.
If you really want to promise me,
are you still afraid to swear?
Fine.
I swear to the great Heavenly Emperor
not to hurt Shangguan Bao.
Is this okay?
Okay.
I’ll lure Shangguan Bao down the mountain for you.
Madam, here.
Miss Cai.
Madam.
Her real name is Choi Moon-Pei.
She's a special member of our Army Office.
She has a double identity.
for work.
Yes.
My mission is to take over Comrade Kong
to take charge of the battle of the Three Axes.
Yes.
Since Kong died,
someone can finally take over his job
and accept us swordsmen.
Choi Moon-bae.
Cui Wenkui.
To be honest,
Cui Wencai is my brother.
But we separated since we were young.
I don't think he knows I'm his sister now.
He doesn't know I'm a Communist.
Your secret work
That's amazing.
For work.
for work.
I don't even know who you are.
We don't even recognize each other.
It's not that you don't want to, but you can't.
Now the foreign enemies are invading.
It seems that the country is fighting against foreign enemies together.
but in the eyes of the Republican Party,
the Communist Party is always a thorn in their eyes.
We're in two different sides.
If you mix personal emotions,
I'll lose my position.
So I can only...
Although you're a girl,
you are so understanding.
I admire you.
I’m flattered.
On behalf of the Yuxi Army,
welcome to join our revolutionary team.
This...
Thank you, Wen Pei.
Brother.
I found this in the lobby.
He left you a letter.
What is Huo Lang thinking?
Let's meet.
He can come up the mountain.
He wants me to go down the mountain to meet him in the forest.
What is he thinking?
Is there a secret
that only you two know.
Tell me.
It's a secret.
There's no secret between brothers.
How about this?
go down the mountain with me?
Why are you looking at me?
You don't want to go?
No. Of course not.
Okay, I'll go with you.
Huo Lang
really doesn't know what he's thinking.
Brother.
I'm not feeling well.
Can you stop and take a rest?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Maybe I didn't sleep well
I didn't sleep well.
I can't breathe.
Let's take a break here.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Let's take a rest there.
If it doesn't work,
go back to the fortress first.
I'll meet Huo Lang alone.
No need.
It's just a minor problem.
I'll be fine after a rest.
Pigtail,
How many years have you been with me?
About 20 years.
I think so.
I only remember
when I escaped to Shaanxi,
Luckily, my brother gave me a bowl of rice.
and those den heads.
Otherwise, I would have starved to death
and become a dog's dinner.
But you helped me a lot.
You're the one
in the fortress.
It's more important to deal with the soldiers.
From small to salt,
are all planned by you.
You can say that.
I can live without you.
Without you,
none of the people in the fortress can survive.
Brother, you flatter me.
You're a hero.
I, He Xiaobian,
I'm no match for him.
I’m thinking
even Huo Lang is not valuable enough.
What's our name?
It's called "Keep the focus on the Meng and the Meng".
I'm flattered.
I'm not blaming you.
you are too modest.
I've been in Shaanxi for half my life.
There are many trees
are as big as the trees of the Three Axes.
I don't care
I have nothing to care about.
But I'm
very satisfied.
Well,
a good friend like you.
I know
these days,
you've been worried about the money and grains in the fortress.
Didn't you ask me?
I want to know
in this village.
Before Master died,
he left a treasure map.
It is said to be a gold mine.
With this,
with this.
of thousands of brothers.
Brother.
This is the secret of Qinglong Fortress.
It’s said that only the master
have the right to pass it on for generations.
Why did you tell me
such an important secret?
Although we are not brothers,
we are closer than real brothers.
I have to tell you this secret sooner or later.
The world is in chaos.
If anything happens to me,
you have to
the secret for me.
Brother, don't talk nonsense.
You're amazing.
Arresting Zhang Gong Yan is already a great blow to Shanzhou.
Who dares to rub your beard again?
Please take back your order.
I can’t take the responsibility.
If you can, then you can.
Don't interrupt. Listen to me.
There are three copies of this map.
Before Master died, he gave me
to me, Zhenshan Liang,
and Huo Lang.
After Zhenshan Liang died,
I will keep
will be kept by me.
Huo Lang has another copy.
Old Master's intention
to save the swordsman.
But now the Japanese are coming.
I want to use these
to support the anti-Japanese forces.
We work together to protect our hometown.
I happen to see Huo Lang today.
Explain my intention to him.
I think Huo Lang
will support me.
Brother.
I think we should go back.
Meeting is not about this moment.
Maybe another day.
If you don't like it,
you can go back first.
Although we don't know
what Huo Lang is up to,
But since we're meeting today,
we should keep our promise.
Besides,
we're already halfway there.
How can I return?
Pigtail,
I can’t be the Patriarch forever.
When I kick the Japanese out,
Let's find a quiet place
to be neighbors
and spend the rest of our lives together.
How nice would it be?
Bro we're here
Slow down.
Why are you looking for me so urgently?
I just got news from Pang.
Tianyuan Zhenghong is organizing
for Qinglong Camp.
Just let him come.
Last time, he went to Shanzhou County
to the county of Shanzhou.
That's why they succeeded.
This time we should be prepared.
We must lock the door to beat the dog.
so that he won't come back.
It's not that simple.
According to Pang,
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan found an important helper
in Qinglong Camp.
as a spy.
But the information is very tight.
We haven't found out who it is yet.
These brats
are really good at Qinglong Fortress.
There are many spies.
Their target is clear this time.
is Shangguan Bao.
Shangguan Bao.
If Shangguan Bao is killed,
Qinglong Fortress will lose its leader
and be paralyzed immediately.
What about Eagle?
Our whole battle will be in vain.
By the way,
I saw a letter at the door.
Who wrote you a letter and sent it to the door?
Shangguan Bao asked me to meet secretly under the mountain.
Where is Huo Lang?
These people are up to no good.
I'm afraid they purposely ambush here.
Be careful.
Boss, long time no see.
It’s Mr. Tian.
We meet again.
I still want to talk about cooperation with you.
I advise you
you’d better give up.
If you want Qinglong Camp,
You are daydreaming.
In that case,
let me give you a piece of advice.
If you want to go back to Qinglong Stronghold,
You’re daydreaming.
If you want to fight
Why are you making such a fuss?
I'll stall them.
Get out of here.
You're really loyal.
Mr. He,
Don’t you want to tell him the truth?
Brother.
I'm sorry.
That letter is fake.
You helped them
to lure me here.
They threatened me
to threaten me.
I had no choice.
We are brothers.
The Japanese threatened you
to threaten you.
If I were you,
I would do the same.
Brother.
Go.
I'll stop them.
You're wrong.
One of us
must fall down first.
Otherwise, no one can leave.
You're right.
Zheng Xiong Tahara.
You promised not to hurt Leader.
He won’t do it. I have to kill him.
Don't you Japanese use samurai swords?
Why are you using our swordsmen's sword today?
I see.
You want to frame someone.
You're right.
Unfortunately, you have to
with this secret.
Major, let me shoot him.
No.
This place is too close to Qinglong Fortress.
Don't shoot.
You're really good.
Back off!
Great!
Shangguan Bao.
If you're not my enemy,
I would've sat down
and have a drink with you.
Tea is fine.
But if you win this knife in my hand,
Boss!
Major, someone's here.
Retreat!
Boss! Boss!
Madam.
Boss.
Leader.
What’s wrong with you?
Madam.
Kid.
You’re here.
Madam, don’t talk.
I’ll take you back to Qinglong Fortress.
Kid,
I can’t fight with you.
Qinglong Fortress.
to you.
Madam.
My daughter
to you.
Madam.
The treasure map.
Keep it.
Remember,
Don’t let my daughter down.
Madam.
Cai Bao Hua.
Eagle.
What are you doing?
Father!
You killed my father.
Ying, don't get me wrong.
I just arrived
when I just arrived.
We are no longer friends.
Eagle.
Father.
Father!
Actor Table.
Deng Bao Quan.
and actors.
Li Hongda Yu Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kaiyan.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhao Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin, Wang Yukun.
Chao, Zhao Zhigang, Kung, Ji Youyi.
Yang Tao, Chen Yao, and Rui Qian.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan. Liu, Yu.
Xu Shidong, Liu Yongtao.
Li Yang Wang, Xu Gang, Xin Yan Long, Zhao Chang Li.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Cho Jeon-min.
The clothing team.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
Gunman Sun Hai
The recording team.
The venue team.
Zhao Gongli.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Wang Bao Cheung, Su Gao Feng, Liu De Yu, Zhai Yongming. Zou Youwei.
Liu Hongxing.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li. Zhang Chang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Cut.
LilStar.
Drama photo, Wu Xiaobo.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
One Zhu Jiaxin.
Jun Nan.
Chen Mingjun.
Xie Hong.
A dubber.
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
The base of HongMong Red Film in Shandong. [The national 4A-class scenic area]
[Shandong Blumund Red Filming Base] [The national 4A-class scenic area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple Sheung-Mun's Government.
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
[Sanmen Mingu Pu Theatre]
The Civilian Committee of Lingbao City
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Shanzhou District.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
Tianan Lake, Zhishan Lake City Wetland Park.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Sanmen City Swan Lake Wetland Park.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Lan Yi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
Sandao Watery Culture Development Co., Ltd.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.